New build system (#243)
C4ptainCrunch/ics.py: CONTRIBUTING.rst

are already working on it or have a specific idea on how the problem should
be solved.

> Setting up the development environment

Reviewer: I'd use title style in the header:

```suggestion
Setting up the Development Environment
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are three python tools required to develop, test and release ics.py:
`poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ for managing virtualenvs plus dependencies and for building plus publishing the package,
`tox <https://tox.readthedocs.io/>`_ for running the testsuite and building the documentation,
and `bumpversion <https://pypi.org/project/bumpversion/>`_ to help with making a release.
Their respective configuration files are ``pyproject.toml``, ``tox.ini`` and ``.bumpversion.cfg``.

> The ``poetry.lock`` file optionally locks the dependency versions against which we want to develop,
> which is independent from the versions the library pulls in when installed as a dependency itself (where we are pretty liberal),
> and the versions we test against (which is always the latest releases installed by tox).

Reviewer: The sentence is a bit long. :wink: Maybe you should shorten it a bit. I'm not entirely sure what you want to express with the second sentence.

```suggestion
When Poetry is finished with the installation, it locks all dependencies and their versions
in the file :file`poetry.lock`.
This is independent from the versions the library pulls in when installed as a dependency itself (where we are pretty liberal),
and the versions we test against (which is always the latest releases installed by tox).
```

Author: The file locks the versions of dependencies in the development environment set up by poetry, so that this environment is the same for everyone. The file is only read by poetry and not included in any distributions, thus these restrictions don't apply when running `pip install ics`. As tox manages its own environments and also doesn't read the lock file, it just installs the latest versions of dependencies for testing. More details on the poetry side can be found here:
https://python-poetry.org/docs/basic-usage/#commit-your-poetrylock-file-to-version-control

We don't necessarily have to include the file in the repo (see the link above), and I also have no strong opinion here#, I just thought that it could be nice to have for developing without any side-effects for distributions and testing.

> You can simply install the tools via pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the tools via pip:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install tox poetry bumpversion --user

.. note::

>     If you want to develop using multiple different python versions, you might want to consider the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to develop using multiple different Python versions, you might want to consider the
```

    `poetry installer <https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation>`_.

    Poetry will automatically manage a virtualenv that you can use for developing.
    By default, it will be located centrally in your home directory (e.g. in ``/home/user/.cache/pypoetry/virtualenvs/``).

>     To make poetry use a ``./.venv/`` directory within the ics.py folder use the following config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To make poetry use a ``./.venv/`` directory within the ics.py folder, use the following config:
```

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ poetry config virtualenvs.in-project true

Now you are ready to setup your development environment using the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ poetry install

This will create a new virtualenv and install the dependencies for using ics.py.
Furthermore, the current source of the ics.py package will be available similar to running ``./setup.py develop``.

> To access the virtualenv, simply use ``poetry run python`` or ``poetry shell``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the virtualenv, use ``poetry run python`` or ``poetry shell``.
```

> If you made some changes and now want to lint your code, run the testsuite, or build the documentation, simply call tox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you made some changes and now want to lint your code, run the testsuite, or build the documentation, run tox.
```

You don't have to worry about which versions in which venvs are installed and whether you're directly testing against the sources or against a built package, tox handles all that for you:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ tox

> To just run a single task and not the whole testsuite, use the ``-e`` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a single task and not the whole testsuite, use the ``-e`` flag:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ tox -e docs

> Checkout ``tox.ini`` to see which tasks are available.

Reviewer: IMHO we should avoid this advise. This can be done with tox itself. I would recommend to use `tox-av`. As such I would rewrite this paragraph as:

```suggestion
To get a list of all available tasks, run :command:`tox -av`.
```

This will create a new virtualenv and install the dependencies for using ics.py.
Furthermore, the current source of the ics.py package will be available similar to running ``./setup.py develop``.
To access the virtualenv, use ``poetry run python`` or ``poetry shell``.

> The :file:`poetry.lock` file locks the versions of dependencies in the development environment set up by poetry, so that this environment is the same for everyone.
> The file is only read by poetry and not included in any distributions, so these restrictions don't apply when running ``pip install ics``.
> As tox manages its own environments and also doesn't read the lock file, it just installs the latest versions of dependencies for testing.
> More details on the poetry side can be found `here <https://python-poetry.org/docs/basic-usage/#commit-your-poetrylock-file-to-version-control>`_.
> 

Reviewer: I'd have a small suggestion. :wink: I would shorten some sentences, remove weasel words etc. so here is the slightly changed version:

```suggestion
The :file:`poetry.lock` file locks the versions of dependencies in the development environment set up by poetry. This ensures that such an environment is the same for everyone.
The file :file:`poetry.lock` is only read by poetry and not included in any distributions. These restrictions don't apply when running ``pip install ics``.
As tox manages its own environments and doesn't read the lock file, it installs the latest versions of dependencies for testing.
More details on the poetry side can be found in the `poetry documentation <https://python-poetry.org/docs/basic-usage/#commit-your-poetrylock-file-to-version-control>`_.

```

To get a list of all available tasks, run :command:`tox -av`.

.. note::

>     If you want to run any tasks of tox manually, you need to make sure that you also have all the testing dependencies of the task listed in ``tox.ini`` installed.

Reviewer: I think, "listed" and "installed" doesn't really match.

```suggestion
    If you want to run any tasks of tox manually, make sure you have all the testing dependencies of the task listed in :file:`tox.ini`.
```

  The title of your PR will become the commit message, please craft it
  with care.

How to make a new release
-------------------------

> If you want to hit the ground running and publish a new release on a freshly set-up machine, the following should suffice:

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "ground running" and why it is important to do that on a "freshly set-up machine".
Would the following sentence be sufficient enough?

```suggestion
If you want to publish a new release, use the following steps
```

.. code-block:: bash

    # Grab the sources and install the dev tools
    git clone https://github.com/C4ptainCrunch/ics.py.git && cd ics.py
    pip install tox poetry bumpversion --user

    # Make sure all the test run
    tox && echo "Ready to make a new release" \
        || echo "Please fix all the tests first"

    # Bump the version and make a "0.8.0-dev -> 0.8.0 (release)" commit
    bumpversion --verbose release
    # Build the package
    poetry build
    # Ensure that the version numbers are consistent
    tox --recreate
    # Check changelog and amend if necessary
    vi CHANGELOG.rst && git commit -i CHANGELOG.rst --amend
    # Publish to GitHub
    git push && git push --tags
    # Publish to PyPi
    poetry publish

    # Bump the version again to start development of next version
    bumpversion --verbose minor # 0.8.0 (release) -> 0.9.0-dev
    # Start new changelog
    vi CHANGELOG.rst && git commit -i CHANGELOG.rst --amend
    # Publish to GitHub
    git push && git push --tags

> Please note that bumpversion directly makes a commit with the new version if you don't
> pass ``--no-commit`` or ``--dry-run``,
> but that's no problem as you can easily amend any changes you want to make.
> Further things to check:

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the "but that's no problem". You mean probably to amend an existing commit with `git commit --amend`, right? Hmn, I would avoid that information. A commit done by bumpversion should be not diluted with something else.

```suggestion
Note, that bumpversion directly makes a commit when bumping a new version. If you
want to avoid this, add the option ``--no-commit`` or ``--dry-run`` to the command.

Further things to check:
```

Author: Yeah, `git commit --amend` was what I was thinking about, as I thought all release-related information being collected in a single commit would be nice. If that's not what we want, we should probably also change the `vi CHANGELOG.rst && git commit -i CHANGELOG.rst --amend` bash code / steps above.
